docs(behavior_path_planner): update pull out docs (#1587)
autowarefoundation/autoware.universe: planning/behavior_path_planner/README.md

| th_stopped_velocity_mps      | [m/s] | double | velocity threshold for arrival of path termination             | 0.01          |
| th_stopped_time_sec          | [s]   | double | time threshold for arrival of path termination                 | 1.0           |
| collision_check_margin       | [m]   | double | Obstacle collision check margin                                | 1.0           |
| pull_out_finish_judge_buffer | [m]   | double | threshold for finish judgment distance from pull out end point | 1.0           |

#### **Safe check with obstacles in shoulder lane**

1. Calculate ego-vehicle's footprint on pull out path between from current position to pull out end point. (Illustrated by blue frame)
2. Calculate object's polygon which is located in shoulder lane
3. If a distance between the footprint and the polygon is lower than the threshold (default: `1.0 m`), that is judged as a unsafe path

![pull_out_collision_check](./image/pull_out_collision_check.drawio.svg)

#### **Path Generation**

There are two path generation methods.

##### **shift pull out**

> Pull out distance is calculated by the speed, lateral deviation, and the lateral jerk. The lateral jerk is searched for among the predetermined minimum and maximum values, and the one satisfies ready conditions described above is output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pull out distance is calculated by the speed, lateral deviation, and the lateral jerk. The lateral jerk is searched for among the predetermined minimum and maximum values, and the one that satisfies the ready conditions described above is selected.
```

It is said, "It is always ready if the conditions of the request are met" above. What do you mean "satisfies ready conditions described above"?

Author: This is wrong, I just brought up old docs sentences. Fixed in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/1587/commits/3fe45f3a0539707e19b52304e43c03d3a05e6092.

Author: "It is always ready if the conditions of the request are met" is true.

| shift_pull_out_velocity           | [m/s]  | double | velocity of shift pull out                                                                                           | 2.0           |
| pull_out_sampling_num             | -      | int    | Number of samplings in the minimum to maximum range of lateral_jerk                                                  | 4             |
| before_pull_out_straight_distance | [m]    | double | distance before pull out start point                                                                                 | 5.0           |
| maximum_lateral_jerk              | [m/s3] | double | maximum lateral jerk                                                                                                 | 2.0           |
| minimum_lateral_jerk              | [m/s3] | double | minimum lateral jerk                                                                                                 | 0.5           |
| minimum_shift_pull_out_distance   | [m]    | double | minimum shift pull out distance. if calculated pull out distance is shorter than this, use this for path generation. | 20.0          |

##### **geometric pull out**

> Generate two arc paths with discontinuous curvature. ego-vehicle stops once in the middle of the path to control the steer on the spot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate two arc paths with discontinuous curvature. Ego-vehicle stops once in the middle of the path to control the steer on the spot.
```

Author: fixed in https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/pull/1587/commits/3fe45f3a0539707e19b52304e43c03d3a05e6092
